greetings all sc400 pilot here with a
part 3 update to my drones this one's
pretty important this not only has a
special update about the drones and some
upgrades you can do with them but the
new upgrade out from parrot which is the
218 very good upgrade corrects a lot of
the bugs and errors that were occurring
with what appeared to be like dipping
issue it turns out it was a problem with
the Magneto's I also want to take the
time to show you the custom lighting
I'll had done on these that's a little
brighter than I was going to show you
there there we go and these are
available in black with multi ring that
have twice the number of lights on them
compensating for the smaller size also
making a huge difference and you see
there just literally blinding in doing
so also you'll notice I have especially
finished black hole on that model that
came out real well at as we had spoke
about and other people had mentioned you
can get these regular from expanses
who's now handling the parts for parrot
if you need a replacement upgrade or
something like that now on my other drum
that's also extremely effective I have
the same light setup on it but in the
normal caliber so although being a very
nice and stealthy bird within my
original upgrades and mods this was done
by very good friend I can't take the
credit for it I can take the credit for
some of the minor upgrades to it and
interior modifications we're making it
fit adding the ten lumen light in the
front which now is being upgraded to 28
lumen and those are made by streamlight
and then you have as mentions the
standard round light on the bottom
that's still just as effective but you
see it has half the number of lights
it's still the same diameter it doesn't
alter the runtime very much but it does
make a really big difference while
flying this one does have double the
amount of lights and doesn't make a
really big difference but not that big
they're both like very effective and
even if you get them using your dx8 it's
still very effective well up over you
know a thousand feet so I hope this
information helped you guys out I will
have I've got some special lights coming
in that will fit the special facets of
the drone the way you go around with
those uneven edges it's real tough to
use any of the available lights that are
currently out because they just don't
bend and flex enough especially the
runway lights but I do have some other
way that will be effective and as far as
the upgrade definitely is it it's one
we've all been waiting for and I think
you'll notice some improvements as well
I didn't really get any improvement as
far as my wife I quality increasing but
as one of the claims it makes that it
has however the magneto repair issue is
a very good one very big very cool so it
takes bunch hope this helps you guys out
and look forward to seeing some really
cool mods I've got coming soon on these
with some new holes as well have a good
one keep the drones going